Cordova implementation for TIZEN
===

Cordova implementation for TIZEN is a JavaScript Wrapper library allowing to build and run Cordova based projects on [TIZEN](https://www.tizen.org/).
Cordova based applications are, at the core, an application written with web technology: HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

Apache Cordova is an open source project at the Apache Software Foundation (ASF). 

Pre-requisites
---
 - [TIZEN SDK 2.2  Release](https://developer.tizen.org/sdk)
 - sync the last Cordova git repository 2.9.x branch

TIZEN is not yet integrated in Cordova 3.x branch.
(This the next Goal.)
 
git arcane:
looking remote repository branches : ... git branch -r
getting and checkout a branch:.......... git checkout -t origin/2.9.x

once you are on the 2.9.x local branch, you can create a new branch from it to store your work
git branch myFeature-2.9.x

Directory Structure
---
    /tizen
        /samples ..... Ready-to-run TIZEN Eclipse IDE sample projects
        /templates ... Cordova TIZEN SDK projects templates for TIZEN Eclipse IDE
        /www ......... Barebones project assets

Import a Cordova TIZEN project sample into TIZEN Eclipse IDE
----

1. File -> Import
2. Select Import Source: Widget -> Projects and Widget file -> Next
3. Import Widget -> Select root directory: Point to the one of the sample projects (e.g: /cordova-basic) -> Finish
4. The project should be available now in the TIZEN Eclipse IDE Project Explorer
5. You can now go to the [Build and Deploy a project] section of this document


Install Cordova TIZEN project templates into TIZEN Eclipse IDE
----
1. Copy the entire /templates directory content into you TIZEN Eclipse IDE web templates directory (e.g: /home/my_username/tizen-sdk/IDE/Templates/web)
2. You can now create Cordova TIZEN project by using TIZEN Eclipse IDE project templates

Create a project with the TIZEN Eclipse IDE Cordova TIZEN project templates
----
1. File -> New -> TIZEN Web Project.
2. Select: User Template.
3. Select: User defined.
4. Select one of the Cordova templates, fill the Project Name, then -> Finish.
5. The project should be available now in the TIZEN Eclipse IDE Project Explorer
6. You can now go to the [Build and Deploy a project] section of this document

Build and Deploy a project
----
1. Select and Right click the project -> Select Build project, this will generate your project widget package (.wgt)
2. Select and Right click the project -> Run As -> Here you can choose:
 - TIZEN Web Simulator application
 - TIZEN Web application (this will deploy you application to a pre-launched TIZEN emulator or a TIZEN connected device)

Barebones project assets
----

The `www` folder contains the Cordova specific assets that must be available in a TIZEN Web project to make it 'Cordova enabled'.
If you have an existing TIZEN Web application project, copy/merge these files into its root directory.

    /www
        config.xml .............. TIZEN configuration file
        cordova-x.y.z.js ........ TIZEN Cordova JavaScript API implementation library
        /sounds
            beep.wav ............ Needed for Cordova Notification API implementation

Add the following lines into the `<head>` section of your `index.html` project file:

    <script type="text/javascript" src="js/cordova.x.y.z.js"></script>

`config.xml` is a sample that you are free to alter or merge with an existing TIZEN configuration file.
It gives privilèges access to TIZEN API, possible access to the web (URL), as well as other elements they may be required by a project as described by TIZEN SDK Documentation.
Sample proposed here contains all elements required by Cordova API.

not that the "system" is necessary to get the Cordova "Device Ready" event to fire telling application Cordova is ready to be used
In TIZEN SDK previous to SDK 2.1, the privileges was named "systeminfo".
In TIZEN SDK 2.1, the config.xml editor was not proposing the system privileges, and it had to be added manually.
This issue was fixed in TIZEN SDK 2.2

config.xml file generated by  TIZEN SDK Eclipse IDE TIZEN Web Wizard is referring application's icon as icon.png. 
In framework and www folders you will find  icon.png and cordova_117.png files.

In TIZEN SDK 2.2 application icons are 117 by 117 pixels wide as png files.
If you use cordova_117.png or another named file you have to change it in your application's config.xml file.
 
Further Reading
---

- [Cordova home](http://incubator.apache.org/cordova/)
- [Cordova Documentation](http://docs.cordova.io)
- [Cordova Issue Tracker](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/CB)
- [TIZEN Developers Site](https://developer.tizen.org/)
- [TIZEN Developers Guide](https://developer.tizen.org/documentation/dev-guide)
- [TIZEN Developers Forum](https://developer.tizen.org/forums/)


framework/

    - cordova icon, for TIZEN we are not quite sure about the size to use...now it is a 64*64 png
    - inedx html, a starter html file 
    - tizen.css, for notifications UI
    - sounds/ beep.wav, a file that should be used by notifications to play a "beep"

js/
 where to put javascript files generated files from cordova-js build and used by makefile to generate the codova-x.y.z.js file

lib/
    cordova.js, generated by make file

tizen SDK Samples/

mobile-spec/

a TIZEN SDK eclipse project (to be imported using Eclipse import wizard)


the cordova Legacy App  adapted to TIZEN SDK:
    notifications/index.html is loading the tizen.css file for notifications
    (waiting to generate this from the source code)
    
    config.xml that is granting all TIZEN related features as most of them are required by the Codova JavaScript lib
    
    in the future we will try to add more samples
  
